Lfx mentorship blog (#28)
wayfair-tremor/tremor-www-main: content/blog/2021-07-05-LFX-Blog-Nupur.md

+++
date = "2021-07-05T11:04:54+00:00"

> title = "Support for Syslog Protocol"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Nupurs LFX Spring Mentorship Experience Report - Support for the Syslog Protocol"
```

> title = "LFX spring Mentorship experience report"

Reviewer: Could you add your name, as we mave multiple spring mentees who all do a blogpost.
What about `Nupurs LFX spring Mentorship experience report` or `LFX spring Mentorship experience report - Nupur`. Or however you like

> title = "LFX spring Mentorship experience report -Nupur"

Reviewer 2: A title that mentions the topic would be great, that way someone looking over the posts can know that this is about syslog

[Proptest](https://github.com/altsysrq/proptest) is something new and amazing I learnt while working on this. It is a property testing framework which allows to test certain properties of code for arbitrary inputs. We utilised this for testing the functioning of our preprocessor for all types of inputs possible.

### TLS support for TCP

Unlike UDP, Tremor did not support TLS over TCP onramp, which was needed to add. This work can be broadly divided into two parts:

** Add support for receiving TLS encrypted data via TCP onramp **

`tls` option was added to the tcp onramp configuration options which addresses the keys and certificate required for authentiction.

An example of TCP onramp config with TLS is as follows:

```yaml
onramp:
  - id: tls
    type: tcp
    preprocessors:
      - lines
    codec: string
    config:
      host: "127.0.0.1"
      port: 65535
      tls:
        cert: "path/to/cert.pem"
        key: "path/to/key.pem"
```

The code can be found [here](https://github.com/tremor-rs/tremor-runtime/pull/1055).

** Add support for sending TLS encrypted data via TCP offramp **

> `tls` option added to offramp tls config contains either the tls config or boolean value indiacting the use of TLS session for transport level encryption. If false is provided then the default TCP stream will be used and if true is provided then TLS stream will be used with default certificates and domain same as hostname. Other option is to provide tls config with `domain` and `cafile`. In case of no domain, hostname will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tls` option added to offramp tls config contains either the tls config or boolean value indiacting the use of TLS session for transport level encryption. If false is provided then the default TCP stream will be used and if true is provided then TLS stream will be used with default certificates and domain same as hostname. Other option is to provide tls config with `domain` and `cafile`. In case of `domain` not being specified, the hostname will be used.
```
